.\" pkglint(1) manual page
.\" See COPYING and COPYRIGHT files for corresponding information.
.Dd September 3, 2023
.Dt PKGLINT 1
.Os
.\" ==================================================================
.Sh NAME
.Nm pkglint
.Nd detect common mistakes and stylistic issues in pkgsrc package definitions
.\" ==================================================================
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm pkglint
.Op Fl dhijsvw
.Op Ar pkgsrcdir ...
.\" ==================================================================
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
utility runs a series of checks on one or more pkgsrc directories to
detect common mistakes and stylistic issues in package source.
.Nm
follows the requirements of
.Xr Pkgfile 5
manual page, but also contains additional checks.
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl d , Fl \&-dead-links
Check
.Dq Pkgfile
and
.Dq README{,.md}
files for dead links.
.It Fl i , Fl \&-invalid
Check
.Dq .footprint
file for invalid directories, like
.Pa /usr/local ,
.Pa /usr/share/locale ,
.Pa /usr/share/doc ,
.Pa /usr/share/info ,
etc.
.It Fl j , Fl \&-junk
Check
.Dq .footprint
file for junk files, like
.Dq README ,
.Dq TODO ,
.Dq NEWS ,
etc.
.It Fl s , Fl \&-suid-sgid
Check
.Dq .footprint
file for SUID/SGID files and directories.
.It Fl w , \&-world-writeable
Check
.Dq .footprint
file for world-writeable files and directories.
.It Fl v , Fl \&-version
Print version and exit.
.It Fl h , Fl \&-help
Print help and exit.
.El
.\" ==================================================================
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std
.\" ==================================================================
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr finddepslinked 1 ,
.Xr findredundantdeps 1
.\" vim: cc=72 tw=70
.\" End of file.
