=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 pkgmaint - package management and maintaining helpers

pkgmaint is a collection of scripts for Zeppe-Lin, mainly oriented
towards package management and maintaining.

=head2 Dependencies

=head3 Build time

=over

=item *

L<make(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/make>,
L<sh(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/sh>,
and standard POSIX utilities like
L<sed(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/sed>,
L<mkdir(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/mkdir>,
L<cp(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/cp>,
L<cd(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/cd>,
L<rm(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/rm>,
L<chmod(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/chmod>

=item *

L<pod2man(1pm)|https://www.mankier.com/1/pod2man> from perl
distribution

=back

=head3 Runtime

=over

=item *

L<sh(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/sh>,
L<awk(1p)|https://www.mankier.com/1p/awk>,
and standard POSIX utilities

=item *

L<perl(1pm)|https://www.mankier.com/1/perl> and
L<YAML::XS|https://metacpan.org/pod/YAML::XS> perl module

=item *

L<find(1)|https://www.mankier.com/1/find> and
L<xargs(1)|https://www.mankier.com/1/xargs> from findutils
distribution

=item *

zeppe-lin pkgutils

=item *

zeppe-lin pkgman

=item *

zeppe-lin pkgmk

=back

=head3 Tests

Tests require B<Build time> dependencies and the following:

=over

=item * L<podchecker(1pm)|https://www.mankier.com/1/podchecker>

Check POD for errors.

=item * L<httpx(1)|https://github.com/projectdiscovery/httpx>

Check for broken URLs.

=back

=head2 Install

The shell commands C<make; make install> should build and install this
package.  See F<Makefile> for configuration parameters.

The shell commands C<make; make check> should build and start some
tests.  See F<Makefile> for more information.

=head2 License and Copyright

pkgmaint is licensed through the GNU General Public License v3 or
later <https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
Read the COPYING file for copying conditions.
Read the COPYRIGHT file for copyright notices.

                     **!!! EXCEPTIONS !!!**
* finddisappeared.in was initially developed by Martin Opel by unknown
  license.

=cut

# vim:sw=2:ts=2:sts=2:et:cc=72:tw=70
# End of file.
